So, guys, going forward, I expect you that you have written to fires, that is diesel dot ads and
Diesel D'Arcy and provide the implementation of at least these two functions, which we have discussed.
Now it is time to see our small library in action.
So for that purpose, go to the directory application integration.
Now, if you go to this directory application integration, you will see application dot C file in addition
to the dot C and the dot as file.
So application dot see file is a file which actually represents our application, which make use of
doubly linked list library that we have just written.
So if you see the implementation of application grazi file, it's fairly, very simple file, you can
see that in this main function we are actually creating certain objects.
In this example, we have taken person underscore T as an application, the specific data structure.
So it has three fields, which is name IDs and weight.
So remember, it is application specific data structure and we want to create objects of this structure
using mallock or Kellock system call, and then we make our link list library to hold these objects.
So you can see that after creating three objects in the main function, that this person, one person
to and person three, I'm actually now creating the list.
And after creating a linked list, I am actually adding these three objects to our linked list.
So you should now verify that our linked list is actually capable to hold the application of specific
data.
So for that purpose, I have written a function print person database.
So Person DB is nothing, but it is a name of a linked list which holds the record of type person data
type.
So bring person database does nothing, it simply outraged over the entire doubly linked list and for
each note offered doubly linked list, it actually prints the data, which is held by the Lord of Linked
list.
Right.
So fairly easy.
Simple example.
Also, one thing to note here is that that application got seesaws file must include the dot at file
because in this source file we are actually using the functions which have been declared in this dot
or file.
Right.
Now, in the next step, let us see how to compile the program and run it on Linux platform.
So you can see in this slide, you should always be able to compile our source file independently,
so in our case, we have to source files that is application Nazi and the Nazi.
So here is the command that is written in order to compile the source file.
Just type out these commands on the terminal and you should be able to compile the source file.
So this is the here is the name of the compiler, minus G is a flag, which we will discuss later,
minus C is actually used to specify that you want to compile our source file and minus all flag is used
to actually indicate the name of the output file, which will be produced after compilation.
So probably it is very basic thing for you, but I'm assuming that not all the students have ever worked
on Linux platform and therefore I have to explain these things in a little bit detail.
So if you already have a background that how to run and compile see programs on Linux platform, you
can actually fast forward this particular lecture.
So I expect you to try out these commands in the terminal and see that you should be able to compile
application tazi and be able to see the source file.
So after completion you will have the two object files that is application dot org and the dot org.
Now, the third step is the step where you will actually create a final executable, so final executable
is what you will finally execute and see the output of a program.
In order to create an executable, you need to run this command that is Dixy minus G and specify the
name of all the object files.
So in this case, we have two object files and minus all XY.
So X is our executable, which will be which will be produced.
So easy is our executable, which will be produced by this command, and once you have ETECSA simply
run the executable by using EXI so you can see that the first two steps are called completion steps.
That is, you are actually compiling the source file to create an object file in the third step.
The third step is called the linking stamp.
That is, you are using all the object files together to create a final executable.
And the final step is the stuff where you actually run the executable.
In another module of this course, we will see in detail that what happens when you actually compile
a source file and what happens when you actually link all the object files together in order to create
a final executable.
So compilation and linking are actually two separate process, and we will going to study these two
separate process in detail.